W-19719053-agent-fabric-stakeholder-feedback-on-first-draft-mk (#507)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-deploy-agent-network-targets.adoc

[NOTE]
====
If you run operations within a CI/CD environment, you can use Anypoint CLI's plugin to set up, create, build, publish, and deploy agent networks. For more information, see xref:af-build-agent-networks-in-a-ci-cd-environment.adoc[].
====

== Before You Begin Deploying Agent Networks

Make sure you meet the prerequisites for this task. For prerequisites, see xref:af-get-started.adoc[].

When you deploy your agent network, an instance is deployed for each connection defined in your agent network. If your agent network contains brokers, an instance is deployed per broker.

== Deploy Your Agent Network

> MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you deploy your agent network instance. Click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to deploy your agent network. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.  For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].

Author: ```suggestion
MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you deploy your agent network instance. Click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to deploy your agent network. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.  For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see xref:api-ai-create-spec.adoc[].
```

> MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you deploy your agent network instance. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to deploy your agent network. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.  For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you deploy your agent network instance. Click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to deploy your agent network. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.  For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].
```

Reviewer: link in xref format

> MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you deploy your agent network instance. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to deploy your agent network. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.  For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].

Author: ```suggestion
MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you deploy your agent network instance. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar and tell the agent that you want to deploy your agent network. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.  For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see see xref:api-ai-create-spec.adoc[].
```

If you don't want to use MuleSoft Dev Agent, deploy your agent network instance using these steps.

> . In your Anypoint Code Builder project, in the **Explorer** view, right-click a project file and select **Deploy Agent Network**. Or, run the command **MuleSoft: Deploy Agent Network** in the xref:start-use-command-palette.adoc[Command Palette].

Reviewer: Try to avoid hard-coded titles

> . In your Anypoint Code Builder project, in the **Explorer** view, right-click a project file and select **Deploy Agent Network**. Or, run the command **MuleSoft: Deploy Agent Network** in the xref:start-use-command-palette.adoc[Command Palette].

Author: ```suggestion
. In your Anypoint Code Builder project, in the **Explorer** view, right-click a project file and select **Deploy Agent Network**. Or, run the command **MuleSoft: Deploy Agent Network** in the xref:start-use-command-palette.adoc[].
```

. If you're not logged in already, log in to your Anypoint Platform account.

. In Deploy Agent Network, specify the environment, target space, gateways, and other deployment information. If you don't see any deployment targets to select, then you need to set up your target deployment space and set up gateways. For instructions, see xref:af-get-started.adoc[].

. Select **Deploy**.

. Your instances are deployed and ready to be tested. An instance is deployed for each connection defined in your agent network. If your agent network contains brokers, an instance is deployed per broker.

> Next, discover your agent network assets in **Agents & Tools** in Exchange, view your agent network in Agent Visualizer, apply a governance policy in API Manager, or monitor your agent network activity in Anypoint Monitoring.

Reviewer: Nice to have a link to each product landing page

Author: future
